03_13: remembering the coronavirus

1. Wuhan
2. Pandemic pandemonium
3. The Kung Flu
4. Fauci
5. Pfizer, Moderna, and the rush towards ... what exactly?
6. Pseudointellectual cringe
7. The lab leak

Author's notes
-Motivation
story candidates: containcovid, being unsheltered, the arc institute
less dramatic: covid misinformation, landlords lawyers litigation and ligma, apple vs airbnb experiences in sf
-How I would suggest reading it
-Comments on how and why I write differently
notepad, arguments, and sugar vs twitter, walks, and coffee
covid brain (reading), time, and mania
misinformation, urgency, and mania
-Statement of purpose
ask questions, share thought experiments, maybe eventually go viral
substack, github, maybe eventually twitter
-The upcoming wikification
-Disclaimer

03_14: poorly researched thoughts from https://www.forbes.com/sites/brianbushard/2023/03/10/covid-19-origin-house-unanimously-approves-bill-to-declassify-intelligence-on-wuhan-lab/?sh=757eee803352
1. This forbes article is great. It depicts nuance, is concise, and in my opinion, reads very well.
2. It's a shame that tweets rather than articles like this go viral
3. I suspect that most of our beliefs are rapidly confirmed by stuff on our phones
4. I naively speculate that this confirmation bias, although core to the human mind, has worsened in recent years and even months. Worsened, as in we make harsher judgements about controversial topics with less information.
5. A few culprits of this perceived trend include 
-disstrust in the news media, and thus a shift in public trust from journalists to influencers journalists
-politics rewarding influencer type personalities, and thus shifting public political discourse from meaningful converesations to empty gossip
-a stronger grip of the consumer internet forces over their constituents, which may have been accelerated by dramatic acquisitions of capital
6. Even more broadly, software is eating the world, or more precisely, consumer internet is consuming our minds, us as in the usa. 
7. In doing so, we draw borders where they ought not to exist, hunt the very same we once called neighbors, gorge on the provisions of moral superiority, and rest after this illusory feast.
Few truly wake up after such a delightful meal. 
